Add explanation for MapKeys (#182)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-4-DigitalAsset-Metadata.md

#### LSP4CreatorsMap

> References the creator addresses for this asset. This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a creator is present in the `LSP4Creators[]` array without looping all over it on-chain, and identify where the creator address is located for easy access to change or remove this specific creator from the array. It also allows for the detection of the interfaceId supported by the Creator.

Author: ```suggestion
References the creator addresses for this asset. This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a creator is present in the `LSP4Creators[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP4Creators[]` the creator address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific creator from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the creator.
```

> References the creator addresses for this asset. This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a creator is present in the `LSP4Creators[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP4Creators[]` the creator address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific creator from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the creator.

Author: ```suggestion
References the creator addresses for this asset. This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a creator is present in the `LSP4Creators[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP4Creators[]` the creator address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific creator from the array. Finally, it also allows the detection of the interface supported by the creator.
```
